Add DOE DOI and improve PR process documentation (#533)
celeritas-project/celeritas: CONTRIBUTING.rst

generate skeletons for new files, and use existing source code as a guide for
how to structure the decorations.

.. _fork: https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/about-forks
.. _clang-format: https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html

Submitting code changes
-----------------------

> When you believe that you've made a nontrivial, self-contained improvement to

Reviewer: I agree this could be interpreted as meaning trivial changes can be pushed directly, which I assume is not the intent? I would recommend being explicit with something like "All changes to the code go through pull requests"

and :ref:`style <style_guidelines>` guidelines have been followed for all new
code and code changes.  Ensure the use of the correct formatting as well as the
addition of documentation and unit tests for new code and bug fixes.

All tests must pass on the CI runner before a PR can be merged. (Exceptions
will be made if any failures are clearly unrelated to the changes and enough
tests and/or configuration are passing to show that the new code is working.
For example, some of the configurations have a tendency to fail due to disk
space issues.) It's best to test locally first before submitting your pull
request, and keep in mind that the multiple configurations on the CI (different
dependency versions, different features) may reveal failures that your local
testing might have missed.

Each pull request should be assigned one or two reviewers who will provide
constructive feedback on your changes. Their responsibilities are outlined in
:ref:`code_review`.
Reviews should not be started until the "draft" status has been removed (if you
marked it as a draft initially). Once a pull request is under review, *do not*

> rebase, squash, or otherwise alter the branch history. It causes GitHub to lose

Reviewer 2: > It causes GitHub to lose comments

For the record, the comments are never lost, just harder to find and connect to the code ;)  [Namely they are still in the discussion stream][And related if a further commit completely remove the code the comment was applying to, the same thing applies to the comment.  

Still not rewriting the history helps the reviewer easily see the deltas.

Author: I swear I've had discussion stream comments disappear before when force-pushing: and the notification links for sure point to "not found" pages.

Reviewer 2: > and the notification links for sure point to "not found" pages.

Since the notification links point to the commit and the commit can/will be garbage collected, indeed this also what I see.

> I swear I've had discussion stream comments disappear before when force-pushing: 

In the context of ROOT, we always rebase and push to updates PR and I do not see the comments disappear.  Sometimes they are hard to find ... especially if they have been marked as resolved or if the conversation is so long that github decide to elide most of the conversation (with a link in the middle of the conversation 'click here for the old stuff' (paraphrasing :) )).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
rebase, squash, or otherwise alter the branch history.  It makes finding older
comments much harder and break notifications.  More importantly having 
new commits for the additions and new modifications makes it much easier
for the reviewer to keep track of the progress and changes. 
You *can* merge the main upstream branch if
```
